Build/manager tools (#986)
ovh-ux/manager: packages/manager/tools/component-rollup-config/README.md

# Component rollup config

> Extensible rollup configuration to build OVH components.

> [![Downloads](https://badgen.net/npm/dt/@ovh-ux/component-rollup-config)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/component-rollup-config) [![Dependencies](https://badgen.net/david/dep/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/component-rollup-config?activeTab=dependencies) [![Dev Dependencies](https://badgen.net/david/dev/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/component-rollup-config?activeTab=dependencies) [![Gitter](https://badgen.net/badge/gitter/ovh-ux/blue?icon=gitter)](https://gitter.im/ovh/ux)

Reviewer: Both `Dependencies` and `Dev Dependencies` must be updated (due to the new path inside the monorepo).

**Example for `Dependencies`:**
`https://badgen.net/david/dep/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config` > `https://badgen.net/david/dep/ovh-ux/manager/packages/manager/tools/component-rollup-config`

export default [
  config.cjs(),
];
```

```less
// try importing bootstrap from '/foo/bar/boostrap' then from '/hello/world/bootstrap'
@import '~boostrap';
```

### Performance

Regarding the translations related plugins, it's possible to only process translations files for a single language. Please refer to the example below. This can be useful if you want faster builds in your developement environment for example.

```js
import configGenerator from '@ovh-ux/component-rollup-config';

const config = configGenerator({
  input: './src/my-library.js',
}, {
  translations: {
    languages: ['fr_FR', 'en_EN'], // only FR and EN translations will be provided
  },
});

export default [
  config.cjs(),
];
```

You can also specify languages without modifying your rollup config by using the cli and passing the LANGUAGES environment variable. See the example below.

```sh
rollup -c --environment LANGUAGES:fr_FR
rollup -c --environment LANGUAGES:fr_FR-en_GB-en_US
```

## Test

```sh
yarn test
```

## Related

* [rollup-plugin-less-tilde-importer](https://github.com/ovh-ux/rollup-plugin-less-tilde-importer) - Rollup plugin to facilitate less imports with a ~ (tilde) prefix

## Contributing

> Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.
```

> Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/component-rollup-config/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.
```
